[en]: Update network/intro/releasenotes (#5521)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/network/intro/releasenotes.md

!!! note

    Spiderpool has fixed the following issues since v0.9.3. If you are using a version prior to v0.9.3, it is recommended to upgrade to the latest version.

- **Added** support for the SpiderMultusConfig configuration for ChainCNI in Spiderpool,
  which enables meta CNI plugins such as tuning to be injected into the CNI configuration file in a
  chained manner. Note that this is currently only implemented on the backend.
- **Added** support for configuring necessary kernel parameters for nodes by default, such as
  `net.ipv4.neigh.default.gc_thresh1` .
- **Fixed** an issue where modifying the StatefulSet annotation to specify another IPPool would not
  take effect in the new IPPool range when the StatefulSet is ready and its pods are running.
- **Fixed**  an issue where the multus configuration file was lost when the spiderpool-agent container
  restarted (probe detection).
- **Fixed** an issue where in rapid scaling scenarios for StatefulSet applications, Spiderpool GC might
  incorrectly reclaim IP addresses from the IPPool, leading to the same IP being assigned to multiple
  pods in the K8S cluster, resulting in IP address conflicts.

> - **Fixed** a probability issue where inserting multiple network interfaces into a pod could lead to
>   incorrect policy routing table number order, causing communication failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** a probability issue where inserting multiple NICs into a pod could lead to
  incorrect sequence of policy routing table ID, causing communication failures.
```
